
			Lanterman
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 
 State Street, bisected here by a wide median, is the primary road at Lanterman. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 
 The Superintendent’s Residence is among the more elegant buildings.  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 
 The nearly 300-acre Lanterman site offers a blend of buildings and open space.  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
                            The Future of Lanterman
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lanterman 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona intends to embark on an ambitious and long range plan in conjunction with a master developer to revitalize the former Lanterman site into a thriving and active community that allows people to live, learn, work, play. The university and master developer will seek input from the community as we explore this unique opportunity for the region. The guiding principle is that the development support and advance the university’s educational mission and values, and benefit the surrounding communities. 
 Over the past several months the university has been engaged in a selection process for a master development partner for the 300-acres and selected the team of Edgewood Realty Partners & Greystar as the master developer that will partner with us to revitalize the site.  This is an important milestone in advancing our vision for Lanterman, in supporting our university mission and values and in contributing to the economic and social vitality of the surrounding communities and region. 
   
 
 
 
 Community Inquiries 
 
 We value input from our stakeholders, both on and off campus. If you have questions or comments about the Lanterman development, please feel free to reach out to us. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 About Lanterman 
 
 The site, once operated by the California Department of Developmental Services, became available to Cal Poly Pomona in 2016 through a Memorandum of Understanding with the state. After a year of study and analysis, the university informed the CSU Board of Trustees that it was interested in undertaking the process to secure the property and begin the steps to identify a master developer to manage the process. Here is a timeline of the process. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
 A project of this scope has naturally generated many questions. What does Cal Poly Pomona plan to do with the Lanterman site? Can the public weigh in on how the property should be developed? What kind of uses will the university consider for the site? Will it be connected with the main campus? Find the answers to these and other questions here. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 