
			Prospective Students
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Prospective Students 
 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona should be your home away from home. Get to know more about our campus, the services available to you and the opportunities you'll find here. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Apply to Cal Poly Pomona 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 My CPP Student Portal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Admissions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Colleges 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Academic Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  (Transfer Credit) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Campus Life 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diversity 
 The university is committed to learning centeredness accomplished through a network of academic communities, which include multicultural nations of diverse races, ethnicities, socioeconomic backgrounds, national origins, religious and political beliefs, physical abilities, ages, genders and sexual orientations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Student Services 
 Cal Poly Pomona offers a wide array of services that provide critical support, information and guidance for all students. 
 
 
 
  (EOP, Renaissance Scholars and Undeclared Advising) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Student Activities 
                                                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                                                Many Broncos are involved in one or more of over 250 academic and social clubs and organizations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Housing & Dining  
 Cal Poly Pomona offers a variety of housing and dining options across campus. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Health & Fitness 
 Take advantage of a range of health and wellness services that are affordable, accessible and student-centered. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Safety 
 We’re proactive in making sure students are safe on campus and are aware of all of the resources available to keep them safe. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  (B.I.T) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Getting Around 
 Whether you’re driving, biking or walking to campus, learn more about how to get to Cal Poly Pomona. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Online Services 
 Students have access to a wide range of self-service tools, available 24/7. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
       
           
 
 
 Colleges 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Administration 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Campus Safety 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Additional Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Athletics 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 