
			Undocumented Students Services
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            Undocumented Students Services
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Undocumented Students Services 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 Due to COVID-19 and campus guidelines, we have switched  to a hybrid mode of operation by providing both in-person and online services. The Bronco Dreamers Resource Center is now open  Monday to Friday from 8:00 am – 5:00 pm.   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Welcome to Undocumented Students Services!
                             
 
 
 Click links below to access: 
 
 NEW! Request Free Tax Assistance 
 About USS 
 Legal Services 
 Dreamer Ally Training 
 Residency for Tuition Purposes (AB540) 
 DREAM Act Application Checklist 
 Scholarships and Grants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 DACA Updates
                             As of 9/8/2021 
 
 
 USCIS Updates 
 
 USCIS has updated their   to say that, in compliance with the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, the agency will now:    
 
 Not be granting initial DACA requests and accompanying requests for employment authorization.   
 Continue to grant or deny renewal DACA requests, according to existing policy.   
 Accept applications to travel internationally through Advance Parole for educational, professional, and humanitarian reasons. 
 Restore work permits to 2 years instead of 1 & Issue automatic Extensions for permits issued for 1 year . 
 
 USCIS announced it will reuse previously submitted biometrics to process valid Form I-765, Application for Employment Authorization, extension requests. We encourage DACA recipients to renew their DACA, if needed. Please   for the latest USCIS updates in relation to COVID-19. 
 
 National Immigration Law Center (NILC) Resources 
 
 Announcement:  
 Frequently Asked Questions:  
 
 Official Department of Homeland Security Memo 
 https://www.uscis.gov/humanitarian/deferred-action-childhood-arrivals-response-january-2018-preliminary-injunction 
 
 
 Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights (CHIRLA) 
 Announcement:  .  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Donate to Dreamers
                             
 
 
 Dream Scholarship 
 This scholarship was started with a goal to help all students receive a quality and equal education regardless of their immigration status.  With the will of one student, then president of the Mexican American Student Association—Ricardo Ortega, and support from his family and friends the scholarship was started in the spring of 2006.  Now his dream continues gaining support from Cal Poly Pomona administrators and students alike, who see the strength and importance of this scholarship and share its initial goal. By contributing to the Dream Scholarship, you will help fund the tuition of undocumented students. 
 
 Undocumented Students Services 
 The Undocumented Students Services supports the holistic success (academic, personal, professional) of undocumented students at Cal Poly Pomona. Its purpose is to educate the community about current issues and to convene campus allies in a dialogue of student success. By donating to the Undocumented Students Services, you will contribute to on-going programs and student staffing. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 General Information
                             
 
 
 
 
 Main Phone:  (909) 869-2728 
 Email:  
 Sign up for Newsletter 
 Follow us on Social Media :   ,    and  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 