
			2021 Campus Safety Plan
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2021 Campus Safety Plan 
 
 Availability & Location of Law Enformacement Personnel and the Methods for Summoning Assistance Enforcement and Arrest Authority 
 The Cal Poly Pomona University Police Department is located at 3801 W. Temple Ave. Building 109, Pomona, CA and provides police services 24 hours a day to our community. Police Dispatch can be reached directly 24 hours a day by phone at (909) 869-3070. The peace officers of Cal Poly Pomona have state-wide police authority and jurisdiction per Penal Code section 830.2 and Education Code section 89560, and are vested with law enforcement powers and responsibilities, identical to the local police or sheriff departments in your home community.   
 Crime Reporting 
 The campus community is strongly encouraged to report all known or suspected incidents of criminal activity on campus to the University Police Department as soon as possible. When calling the University Police Department always: 
 • Give your name, telephone number, and location. • Give clear and accurate information. • Be prepared to provide suspect and vehicle description, and direction of travel. • DON’T HANG UP! Follow the instructions of the dispatcher and stay on the line if it is safe to do so. 
 By Telephone Contact: 
 • Emergency: Dial 9-1-1 from campus landline; (909) 869-3070 if using a cell phone on campus • University Police Department business line: (909) 869-3070 
 Emergency Blue Light Call Stations: 
 A 9-1-1, 24-hour, button activated, emergency telephone system will put you in contact with emergency personnel for any emergency need. There are 98 call stations located throughout the campus, including residential housing. 
 In Person Contact: The Cal Poly Pomona University Police Department is in Building 109, which is located on the corner of Cypress and Oak Lane adjacent to Parking Structure 1 (southeast corner).  Emergency Alert Hotline  The campus Emergency Alert Hotline (866) 869-POLY (7659) is a recorded message with information related to immediate emergencies that may be happening on campus. The message may contain information related to building closures, employee/work status information, and campus closures. The campus community is encouraged to add this number to their contact lists.  
 Special Safeguards for Facilities or Activities 
 Security of and Access to Campus Facilities 
 All campus facilities are key or card accessed, and most are open daily for scheduled campus community use. Housing facilities security includes both key entry and card access. Access to on-campus student housing facilities is restricted to residents, their approved/escorted guests and other approved campus community members. Campus key control and distribution is a function of Facilities Management. The Division of Information Technology manages alarm and card access control. To provide for the security of campus facilities, the University Police Department enforces Educational Code 89031 and Housing Policies. Campus facility access may be revoked per Penal Code 626. Non-monitored, recording security cameras are located in various buildings throughout campus. Some campus security cameras may be monitored by the University Police Department or accessed for real-time use. 
 Access to Campus Facilities is currently limited due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Cal Poly Pomona campus remains open. The 2020-21 academic year is predominantly on-line and campus offices and services may have modified operations. University critical services continue, including campus law enforcement and security functions. 
 To mitigate the risk and spread of COVID-19, only faculty, staff, and students with approved in-person instruction or other activities should come to campus. Virtual training and a daily health screener are required. Information for our community may be found on-line at  , including checklist items required for students, staff and faculty. 
 Security Considerations Used in Maintenance of Campus Facilities 
 Campus facilities and grounds are designed and maintained to promote safety and prevent crime and are inspected on a regular basis. Grounds staff keep vegetation controlled around lighting and along campus walkways and roadways on a regular schedule. Concepts of crime prevention through environmental design are considered for new construction, planning and improvements on campus. 
 
 
 Special Event Safety Planning 
 Preparation for large campus events involves the creation of Incident Action Plans according to the Standardized Emergency Management system and in collaboration with mutual aid agencies and contracted safety personnel.  Consistent with California Department of Public Health recommendations, the campus is promoting social distancing by canceling all events and gatherings on or off campus through February 1, 2021. No public gatherings of any size affiliated with the university are permitted either on or off campus. This includes all clubs and organizations. We will continue to update this as recommendations evolve. You may find events information on-line at:  
 New Student Orientations 
 University Police personnel provide personal safety tips and emergency contact information to new students on a regular basis. Students are informed of policies, voluntary confidential crime reporting procedures, and safety programs through regular outreach through email, social media, and tabling at events throughout the academic year. 
 New Employee Orientations 
 Human Resource Services presents safety policies and procedures to new employees by in-person and/or virtual orientations. Employees are informed of injury and illness prevention, workplace violence prevention, confidential victim/survivor counseling services, safety programs, and voluntary confidential crime reporting procedures. 
 Actions in the Last 18 Months to Increase Safety 
 • Activated EOC and established Safer Return Task Force. • Implemented State and County health orders, recommended protocols and safety measures, and campus Safer Return strategies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. • Implemented University Housing COVID-19 safety measures, including resident Bronco Care Pledge, a no guest/visitor policy, and identifying isolation facilities. • Completed annual update of the Emergency Operations Plan. • Created Police Advisory Task Force (PATF) to provide guidance and recommendations related to community policing and the composition of a police advisory board. • Implemented body worn cameras for sworn police officers to increase transparency and accountability. • Updated all police policies and published for public access to meet current mandated standards. • Updated police Use of Force policy and removed carotid holds as an option. • Conducted de-escalation, hate crime and Stop the Bleed training for all police officers. • Conducted a comprehensive assessment of campus alarm/access system and blue light phones. • Developed Faculty/Staff Crisis Response manual spearheaded by the Student Affairs Division. • Implemented the nationally recognized R.A.D. Self-Defense Program and certified four instructors. • ASI upgraded BRIC sound system to integrate with campus emergency alert system; Conducted annual ASI First Responder training; Conducted Active Threat/Shooter exercise for all ASI operated buildings and regular testing of BRIC emergency door locking mechanism; and Updated the BSC and BRIC Emergency Response Plans with COVID guidelines. • Completed Pedestrian Safety Project, including sidewalks/speed control measures on Eucalyptus Lane. 
 Changes in Safety Precautions During the Next 24 Months 
 • Continue to implement State and County health orders, recommended protocols, and campus Safer Return strategies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic with community safety as the highest priority. • Implement recommendations of Police Advisory Task Force (PATF) and the police advisory board to enhance safety and strengthen the lines of communication with students, faculty, staff, and leadership. • Implement mapping and text to 9-1-1 to provide alternative emergency contact to Police Dispatch. • Continue to enhance campus building marshal program and evacuation plan and adapt in response to modified campus operations during COVID-19 pandemic.  • Install trauma kits in all police units and train all police officers in their use. • Increase police social media presence to increase engagement, and safety education and awareness. • Continue to expand and enhance video systems, equipment, and capabilities campus wide. 
 California State University, Pomona Statistical Report 2019 
 The report is a separate and distinct report from the Annual Security Report required under the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (the Clery Act). The Clery Act report may be found online at  These statistics were compiled using the FBI Uniform Crime Reporting program definitions, occurring on campus, and in compliance with the California State Education Code, Chapter 16, of the Donahue Higher Education Act, Section 67380. 
 2019 Statistics (California Education Code §67380 (a)(1)(A)) 
 
 
 
 
 Occurrences and/or Arrests for   
 
 
   On Campus   
 
 
 
 
 Part 1 Violent Crimes 
 
 
 7 
 
 
 
 
 Hate Crimes 
 
 
 0 
 
 
 
 
 Non-Criminal Acts of Hate Violence    
 
 
 0 
 
 
 
 
 Theft 
 
 
 108 
 
 
 
 
 Destruction of Property 
 
 
 55 
 
 
 
 
 Illegal Drugs 
 
 
 43 
 
 
 
 
 Alcohol Intoxication 
 
 
 10 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Occurrences and/or Arrests for      
 
 
   Systemwide   
 
 
 
 
 Hate Crimes 
 
 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 Non-Criminal Acts of Hate Violence  
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 *Part I crimes include: willful homicide, rape, robbery, and aggravated assault 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 