
			College of Science at Cal Poly Pomona
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
 
 
             
 
 
                       
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 Slide1 
                    Our Mission. Educate, mentor, and inspire students through scientific inquiry and hands-on learning.
                 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 Slide2 
                    Science Can Take You Places - 4337 students, 54% first generation college student, 60+ scholarships awarded annually, 100+ peer reviewed articles published annually, top 10 nationally for social mobility (2019 social mobility index),  math and science starting salary 62,177 (NACE)
                 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 Slide3 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 Slide4 
                    Rachael Hill
                 
 
 
 Register for Lecture 
 
 Now: 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Science Can Take You Places 
 
 Yes, science can take you places. Places you never thought were possible. Whether you dream of finding a cure for cancer, or exploring the depths of the ocean, or the farthest reaches of the universe, it’s science that can turn that dream into reality. 
 At Cal Poly Pomona College of Science you’ll be taught and mentored by world-class teacher-scholars for whom teaching isn’t just a job, it’s a vocation. 
 You’ll learn alongside colleagues who are as passionate as you are about science. When you’re not studying, you’ll find many opportunities for fun and friendship. You’ll find opportunities to conduct research and present your findings to the scientific community through symposiums, or co-author work published in peer reviewed journals. 
 When you leave, you’ll be prepared for graduate school, or to start work in your field, applying the knowledge you gained at CPP. You’ll join the ranks of alumni who are now working as scientists, doctors, technicians, and educators. 
 And you’ll be prepared to meet work and life challenges with creativity, revel in the discoveries you make along the way, and share innovative solutions that improve the world.  
 Science can take you places. So where do  you  want to go? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Considering College of Science? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Advising 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Information for Current Students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 