
			Alumni and External Relations at Cal Poly Pomona
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
                 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Alumni Career Resources 
 
 Access career center job boards, register for virtual workshops, alumni benefits and more!   
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Zoom Background Downloads 
 
 Show your CPP Pride. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Become a Mentor 
 
 Volunteer with your alma mater by becoming a mentor today! 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 New CPP Alumni App!  
 
 Volunteer, attend an alumni event, and stay connected with your alma mater. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Join the CPP Bronco Network! 
 
 Get involved, stay connected, and volunteer with your alma mater!  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 We Are CPP 
 
 Meet fellow Broncos and Share Your Story 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni and External Relations at Cal Poly Pomona 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni Association 
 Stay connected to the university, network with fellow alumni, and attend special events. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Get Involved 
 Engage with your alma mater, students and alumni by participating in various programs. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Outstanding Alumni 
 Learn more about the Distinguished Alumni Awards Reception and Alumni Spotlight. 
 
 about Outstanding Alumni 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 Listing of upcoming events for CPP alumni, friends and family 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni Resources 
 Access to career center job boards, register for virtual workshops, alumni benefits and more!   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SAFER RETURN 
 Learn more about Cal Poly Pomona's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni Spotlight 
 
 Francois Tchoyi '16, history 
 A Heart for Home 
 For Francois Tchoyi, it was a journey of 8,000 miles. 
 That was the distance the then 16-year-old traveled from his home country of Cameroon to play basketball at Besant Hill, a boarding school in Ojai, California. 
 Tchoyi (’16, history) had never lived away from his parents or flown on an airplane. In his community, education was valued but also a luxury: Some children had to forgo school because their parents could not afford to pay. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 #WeAreCPP 
 
 Visit our Impact Map to share your Cal Poly Pomona experience and to see how others are creating an impact around the nation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Update Your Information 
 
 Did you recently move or change your mailing address?  Update your information today to stay connected with your alma mater. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Links 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 3801 West Temple Ave.  Pomona, CA 91768 866-CPP-ALUM (Toll-Free) or 909-869-2963 909-869-4423 (fax) |  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stay Connected 
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 