
			CPP College of Engineering
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
       
 
     
 
 
               
 
               
 
             
 
 
         
 
 
   
 
 
           
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CPP College of Engineering 
  Start Carousel  
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Welcome, Future Broncos! 
 
 Graduate workforce-ready day one. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Among the Nation's Best Engineering Programs 
 
 U.S. News ranks the College of Engineering No. 11 among all engineering programs in the nation. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Safer Return 
 
 Our plans for the 2020-21 academic year, including academic instructions, housing, health and well being.  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
  End Carousel  
 
 An Excellent Engineering Education at an Excellent Price 
 CPP College of Engineering is one of the best engineering programs in the country. Choose from 11 undergraduate and 7 graduate programs, and get hands-on with research and design projects to be one of the 1,200+ career-ready engineers that we graduate every year. 
 11   to Start Your Career:  Aerospace Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Construction Engineering Management, Electrical Engineering, Electromechanical Systems Engineering Technology, Electronic Systems Engineering Technology, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering 
 7   to Advance Your Career:  Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Management, Engineering with Emphasis in Aerospace, Engineering with Emphasis in Materials, Mechanical Engineering, and Systems Engineering. 
 Our engineering programs are   nationally among 220 engineering programs in the U.S. News & World Report 2021: 
 
 No. 5 Best Undergraduate Engineering Program* 
 No. 2 in Industrial/Manufacturing Engineering 
 No. 3 in Aerospace Engineering 
 No. 4 in Computer Engineering 
 No. 6 in Civil Engineering 
 No. 8 in Electrical Engineering and Mechanical Engineering 
 
 *Among public universities where a doctorate is not offered 
 Explore CPP College of Engineering 
 
 Engineering News 
 
 
 
 
 
 In Memoriam: Lyle Blaine McCurdy 
                                                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                                                Professor Emeritus Lyle Blaine McCurdy, former chair of the Department of Engineering Technology, died on April 7.  
                                                        
                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 about In Memoriam: Lyle Blaine McCurdy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Civil Engineering Program Outranks all Cal State Civil Programs 
                                                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                                                Study.com ranks CPP College of Engineering's civil engineering program no. 9 in the nation. Rated on categories like graduation and acceptance rates, our program outranked every Cal State.  
                                                        
                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 about Civil Engineering Program Outranks all Cal State Civil Programs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Leveling Up 
                                                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                                                New faculty director puts students at the forefront of innovation and learning.  
                                                        
                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 about Leveling Up 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NASA Engineer Inspires Next Generation 
                                                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                                                NASA’s Perseverance rover landed on Mars on Feb. 18, and Luis Dominguez (’09, mechanical engineering) served as the rover's deputy electrical integration and test lead.  
                                                        
                                                
                                                                                                                                                              
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Future Students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Current Students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni & Friends 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Faculty & Expertise 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 President's Scholars 
 Meet the 2019-20 President's Scholars from the College of Engineering 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Undergraduate Advising 
 The expanded advising program is made possible by funding from the Student Success Fee. Four engineering advisors are available to advise all engineering undergraduate students. The advising center is located in Building 9, Room 155. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Engineering Project Symposium 
 The Engineering Project Symposium provides an opportunity for students across the college to present their projects for review by faculty, industry representatives, other students, and guests. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CPP Engineering Magazine
                             The 2020-21 Issue 
 
 
 A Year Like No Other 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 