
			 Division of Information Technology and Institutional Planning
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Access Granted 
 
 DUO 2-Step Authentication 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Email Safety 
 
 7 Tips You Can Use Now 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
                            Information Technology & Institutional Planning  
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Division of Information Technology and Institutional Planning 
 Links to Resources, Departments, and Services 
 
 
 
 
 Student 
 
 
 
 Canvas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Faculty 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 
 
 
 DUO 2-Step Authentication 
 To protect your privacy and secure your Bronco account, Cal Poly Pomona is requiring 2-Step Authentication for all faculty, staff and students accounts.  Starting April 8, you must have 2-Step Authentication to access your CPP account . What is 2-Step Authentication?  It’s a way to confirm that it is you accessing your account and adds an additional layer of security for your private data. CPP and other CSU campuses are using DUO, a third-party smartphone app, which sends a push notification to your phone when you log into your CPP account to verify your identity. When you log into any CPP online service, you’ll be asked to confirm that it is you accessing your account. You may use similar security features for online banking or social media. This feature better protects your personal information and the campus IT system. How do I turn it on?  You can set it up in just three easy steps, which you can find on our  . Is it required?  Yes. Beginning April 8,  DUO 2-Step Authentication will be required of all CPP users to access online services, including MyCPP, BroncoDirect, Blackboard and email.  If you do not register for DUO by April 8, you will lose access to your accounts.  What do I do if I have questions, need help or don’t have a smartphone?  Visit CPP’s   or  , or contact the   or (909) 869-6776.  Don’t delay,   today. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 Email Safety Tips You Can Use Now 
 
 Limit the data being shared: Verify the business need for the data and share the minimum data necessary to meet the business need or request (Note: Be sure to obtain authorization for the requested data). 
 Utilize links, not attachments:   A linkprovides a path back to the original document where the author can control the content as well as access to that content. 
 Verify the correct information is included/attached:   When it is necessary to include data, make sure the information is necessary and accurate. 
 Password-encrypt data files:  Protect all sensitive data.  Note that passwords should be provided separately. 
 Double-check the recipient's email address:   Names and email addresses can look similar.  Take the extra moment to verify the name and email address prior to sending Level 1 and Level 2 information.  Avoid the use of BCC-ing your emails. 
 
 Identifying Email Phishing and Spoofing Scams 
 
 Check the sender’s email address – not just the display name:  In Outlook, select File/Properties.  The email address in the header should match the email address it states it is coming from.  The “received field” should match, as well as the return path. 
 All official CPP correspondence will use an @cpp.edu email address. 
 
 For more info or to get help,   .  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Eduroam Everywhere: Wi-Fi = eduroam 
 To provide a more secure and consistent Wi-Fi experience on campus, IT&IP is requesting that all students, faculty, and staff select “eduroam” as their campus Wi-Fi option.  Eduroam provides an encrypted Wi-Fi experience, accessed at numerous educational institutions worldwide, just by using one's own CPP credentials. 
 
 During the Spring semester, changes will be made to the Guest Wi-Fi network to better support the needs of temporary visitors to the campus.  These changes will also provide the ability to identify all users of the Guest Wi-Fi network by prompting users on a daily basis to enter their cellphone number in order to receive a security token, which will grant them access to the network. 
 Although CPP students, faculty, and staff will still be able to access the Guest Wi-Fi network, they may find the process of gaining access time-consuming and impractical.  Those belonging to the CPP Bronco family, including all students, faculty, and staff, are encouraged to select eduroam as their Wi-Fi network.  For more info, please  
 
 
 
 
 
 The Division of Information Technology & Institutional Planning works in collaboration with the campus community to provide innovative and strategic technology to advance the mission of the university as well as strengthen and further the university's unique polytechnic identity and learn-by-doing educational approach. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 