
			Cal Poly Pomona
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
                  This slide contains video without audio. The description of the video is "A group of young children explore the pumpkin patch at Cal Poly Pomona. "
               
 
 
 
 Pumpkin Fest 
 
 Choose from thousands of pumpkins, enjoy food, corn mazes, a petting farm and more. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Hispanic Heritage Month  
 
 Recognizing great role models from the Hispanic community that influence our university. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 U.S. News Best Colleges 
 
 CPP ranks No. 3 among the “Top Public Schools in the West.”  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Advising Month 
 
 Spring 2022 registration begins in October. Attend online workshops and use tools to get ready to register.  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona 
 University News 
 
 
 
 
 
 President's Message 
 In a message to campus, President Coley invites students, faculty and staff to participate in the annual Campus Conversation on the CPP Budget.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jetpack Cow to Soar Over Cal Poly Universities 2022 Rose Float 
 Hey diddle, diddle, did you ever wonder how the cow jumped over the moon? The Cal Poly Universities 2022 Rose Parade float tells the tale. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Study Finds Photosynthesis in Venus’ Clouds Could Support Life 
 New data analysis has found that the sunlight filtering through Venus’ clouds could support Earth-like photosynthesis in the cloud layers and that chemical conditions are potentially amenable to the growth of microorganisms. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Transformative Gift 
 In a message to the Cal Poly Pomona community, Pres. Soraya Coley announced a $40 million gift to the university from philanthropist and author MacKenzie Scott. The largest gift ever received from an individual, these life-changing funds will empower Cal Poly Pomona's students success and institutional excellence efforts in perpetuity. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “That education gave me a solid foundation. My team and I really like to problem solve, and there’s always a sense of accomplishment when we are able to tackle the wide variety of challenges we face. ” 
 - Brent Yamasaki,  ’89, mechanical engineering 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Featured Sites 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lanterman 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Learn of plans to revitalize Lanterman into a thriving, active community that allows people to live, learn, work, play.  
                        
                        
                                                    
                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Safer Return 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Join the Virtual Town Hall every Thursday from noon to 1 p.m. during fall semester.  
                        
                        
                                                    
                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pumpkin Fest 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        It’s time to come back to the farm. The incredible Cal Poly Pomona Pumpkin Fest returns Oct. 2-31.  
                        
                        
                                                    
                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Faculty 
 Teaching Virtually and Remotely 
 In partnership with the Center for the Advancement of Faculty Excellence (CAFE), colleges and departments are supporting faculty to teach virtually and/or remotely. The CAFE Website has resources and quick start guides for online tools like Blackboard, Zoom and Kaltura. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Students 
 Online Engagement and Support 
 Cal Poly Pomona remains committed to keeping students engaged in the virtual environment. Visit the Student Affairs Online Engagement and Support website to learn how to access workshops, wellbeing resources, support services and how to best contact departments remotely.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Students 
 Academic & Student Services Support  
 While Cal Poly Pomona course instruction has transitioned to a virtual format given the COVID-19 concerns, the university will continue to offer student services. Visit the Academic and Student Services Support website for information and access to various services. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
       
           
 
 
 Colleges 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Administration 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Campus Safety 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Additional Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Athletics 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 