
			Students
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Students 
 
 
 Links to resources, offices and services that support Cal Poly Pomona students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Online Engagement & Support 
 Cal Poly Pomona remains committed to keeping students engaged in the virtual environment. Visit the Student Affairs Online Engagement and Support website to learn how to access workshops, wellbeing resources, support services and how to best contact departments remotely. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Academic & Student Services Support 
 While Cal Poly Pomona course instruction has transitioned to a virtual format given the COVID-19 concerns, the university will continue to offer student services. Visit the Academic and Student Services Support website for information and access to various services. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 MyCPP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Canvas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 General Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Admissions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Academic Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 Campus Life 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diversity 
 The university is committed to learning centeredness, accomplished through a network of academic communities, which include multicultural nations of diverse races, ethnicities, socioeconomic backgrounds, national origins, religious and political beliefs, physical abilities, ages, genders and sexual orientations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Student Services 
 Buying books for the quarter? Need help preparing for an exam? Interested in on-campus child care services? Check out the services listed below to learn about student services available. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Student Activities 
                                                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                                                Get involved in one (or more) of over 250 academic and social clubs and organizations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Housing & Dining  
 Cal Poly Pomona offers a variety of housing and dining options. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A Day in the Life 
 
 
 
 
 
 Health & Fitness 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Safety 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Getting Around 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Student Jobs & Careers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Computing 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Canvas Resources 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
       
           
 
 
 Colleges 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Administration 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Campus Safety 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Additional Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Athletics 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 