
			The Collins College Of Hospitality Management
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 
                  This slide contains video without audio. The description of the video is "Cal Poly Pomona.  The Collins College of Hospitality Management. Number 19 in the Nation by CEO World Magazine.  4th top degree producer in the country by DATA USA.  3rd top degree producer for MINORITIES in the U S by Diverse Issues in Higher Education. A C P H A Accredited.  86% Job Placement Rate, Abundance of Scholarships, State-of-the-art Facilities. Faculty Experts, Customized Curriculum, Industry Partnerships.  Experience the Polytechnic Advantage"
               
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 The Collins College Of Hospitality Management 
 
 Shaping Future Hospitality Leaders 
 The Collins College of Hospitality Management at Cal Poly Pomona is one of the leading programs in the world, and is consistently ranked among the best in the country. Future industry leaders earn a world-class education in state-of-the-art facilities featuring industry standard equipment and the latest in learning technology. Our   connect theory, practice, and research, and are focused on creativity, discovery and innovation so students are ready to lead all major sectors of the global hospitality industry upon graduation.  
          
 
 
 Program Information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 VISION 
 Our vision is to be a world-class college for shaping future hospitality leaders. 
 MISSION 
 We educate a diverse student body for leadership in the global hospitality industry through experiential and lifelong learning, and we advance the field of hospitality management through innovation, excellence in teaching, applied research, and service to our communities. 
 CORE VALUES 
 ‣  We Pursue Academic Excellence 
 We pursue academic excellence through student centered experiential and life-long learning, relevant applied scholarship, and service to our communities. 
 ‣   We Inspire Student Success 
 We inspire student success by providing intensive industry engagement, quality academic experiences and advising support, and a vibrant hospitality culture. 
 ‣   We Embrace Diversity 
 Our student, faculty, and staff diversity across multiple dimensions is deeply valued and respected. 
 ‣   We Partner with the Hospitality Industry 
 We partner with industry and alumni through mutually beneficial and meaningful relationships to provide well-prepared future hospitality leaders. 
 ‣   We Practice Collegiality and Ethics 
 We ensure a collegial and ethical environment in which faculty, staff, and students can thrive. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Program Learning Outcomes 
 Our graduates will demonstrate leadership principles as they create favorable stakeholder experiences through the use of inquiry, analytical thinking, collaboration, and hospitality industry skills.  
 Undergraduate Student Learning Outcomes 
 Through participating in curricular and co-curricular learning opportunities, including professional work experience and networking with our industry partners, Bachelor of Science Graduates of The Collins College of Hospitality Management will have the competencies necessary to successfully manage in a hospitality environment.  These competencies include: 
 ‣   Characteristics of Hospitable Service 
 Create favorable guest experiences by using professional service management techniques in a hospitality business environment 
 ‣   Information Literacy 
 Locate, assess, and use a wide variety of sources methods, and tools available in a hospitality environment to communicate quantitative, qualitative and/or scientific information in the decision-making process 
 ‣   Analytical Thinking 
 Make clear and logical decisions by organizing, analyzing, and interpreting information and formulating rational solutions in a hospitality business environment 
 ‣   Teamwork 
 Contribute to positive team performance in a hospitality business environment by appraising and managing one’s own team-related competencies, in particular, the knowledge, skills and attitudes considered transportable from one team to another 
 ‣   Leadership 
 Model the behaviors of effective, ethical leaders by demonstrating the fundamental principles of leadership in a hospitality business environment 
 Graduate Student Learning Outcomes 
 Throu gh participating in curricular and co-curricular learning opportunities, Master of Science Graduates of The Collins College will be able to manage professionally in various hospitality organizations.  Specifically, Collins College Graduates will be able to: 
 ‣   Characteristics of Hospitable Service 
 Create favorable guest experiences by designing effective service delivery systems in a hospitality business environment 
 ‣   Information Literacy 
 Locate, assess, and use a wide variety of sources methods, and tools available in a hospitality environment to communicate quantitative, qualitative and/or scientific information in the decision-making process 
 ‣   Analytical Thinking 
 Use appropriate statistical analyses and methodological techniques and interpret the results to formulate rational solutions in a hospitality business environment 
 ‣   Teamwork 
 Contribute to positive team performance in a hospitality business environment by appraising and managing one’s team- related competencies, in particular, the knowledge, skills, and attitudes considered transportable from one team to another    
 ‣   Leadership 
 Demonstrate advanced principles of strategy and leadership while working with others in a hospitality business environment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Program Student Profile 
 For the past three academic years  ( Source: Accreditation Commission for Programs in Hospitality Administration, with data provided by The Collins College) 
 
 
 
 
   Undergraduate Enrollment 
 
 
 2017-18 
 
 
 2018-19 
 
 
 2019-20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 % Students employed in the hospitality industry or a related field within 90 days after graduation 
 
 
 92.2% 
 
 
 92.4% 
 
 
 70% 
 
 
 
 
 % Students continuing their education within 90 days after graduation 
 
 
 1.8% 
 
 
 1.7% 
 
 
 2.6% 
 
 
 
 
 Retention Rate % – Freshmen to Sophomore 
 
 
 88% 
 
 
 89.6% 
 
 
 91.3% 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our program is one of only 70 hospitality management and tourism programs worldwide accredited by the     (ACPHA). Accreditation is a status granted to an educational program that has been found to meet or exceed stated standards of educational quality. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent News 
 
 
 
 
 
 ESD Receives 2021 ICHRIE Chapter of Distinction Award 
 August 12, 2021 
 During the pandemic, ESD excelled in adapting and creating an inclusive environment for all students... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Patrick Lee Appointed Interim Department Chair for 2021-2022 
 August 09, 2021 
 Students with inquiries about petitions, concerns about instruction modes and any academic-related m... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dr. Sungsik Yoon and Dr. Li Ge Recognized as 2020 and 2021 Outstanding Faculty Advisor 
 August 04, 2021 
 With the help of students and faculty, the selection committee presented the honor of 2019-2020 Outs... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Guy Fieri Presents Student with $25,000 Grant 
 June 18, 2021 
 The Help Rebuild Restaurants Grant will help Delaney in becoming a Chick-fil-A franchisee.... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 
 
 
 Oct 05 
 
 
 
 
 Date:  Oct 05  
 Time:  12:00 PM - 01:00 PM  
 Location:  Online  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oct 06 
 
 
 
 
 Date:  Oct 06  
 Time:  05:30 PM - 06:30 PM  
 Location:  Online  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oct 07 
 
 
 
 
 Date:  Oct 07  
 Time:  12:00 PM - 01:00 PM  
 Location:  Online  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 THE COLLINS COLLEGE OF HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT
                             
 
 
   Cal Poly Pomona       3801 West Temple Avenue       Pomona, CA 91768              (909) 869-2275 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 YouTube 
 Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 
 
 