
			Cal Poly Pomona Admissions
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona Admissions 
 
 
 Welcome Future Broncos!
                             
 
 
 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona is a top regional public university located in Los Angeles county. We are a proud member of the California State University (CSU) system and one of only two CSU polytechnic schools. We offer a unique education where creativity, discovery and innovation come to life. Students have opportunities for hands-on learning, research projects, internships and service-learning experiences. This site is your guide to Cal Poly Pomona admission requirements. Find out why CPP is the best choice for you. 
 Submit your application through  Cal State Apply . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Service Update for Fall 2021 
 The departments within Enrollment Management & Services are open for on-campus services. We are committed to providing you the service and support you need to excel in your academic endeavors. 
 Have a question? We are open for on-campus services Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. We also offer a variety of  . Be sure to visit our   page for options. 
 When you call or visit us, please have your Bronco ID number ready to share. When you email us, please use your official CPP email address and include your Bronco ID number in your messages. 
 
 
  Office Hours:  Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
 Phone:  909-869-5299 
 Email:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Freshmen 
 
 Freshmen are, or soon will be, high school graduates who have never attended a college or university. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Transfer Students 
 
 Transfer students have completed 60 semester or 90 quarter units at the time of transferring to CPP. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 International Students 
 
 International students hold U.S. visas, are exchange visitors, or have other non-immigrant classifications. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Returning Students 
 
 Returning students are former enrolled CPP students who left before earning a degree and want to apply to finish a degree in progress. 
 
 
 
 
 
  using role="presenation" for image per https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#presentation  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Graduate Students 
 
 Graduate students have a bachelor's degree from an accredited institution and want to complete a master's or Doctorate degree. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Credential Students 
 
 Credential students have a bachelor's degree from an accredited institution and would like to complete a teaching or administrative credential. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Spring Key Dates and Admission Deadlines 
 
 
 
 
 Aug 01 
 Key Date: 
 
 
 
 Spring 2022 Application Opens 
 
 
 Transfer & Graduate  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Aug 31 
 Key Date: 
 
 
 
 Spring 2022 Application Closes 
 
 
 Transfer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oct 07 
 Deadline To: 
 
 
 
   Submit Final Transcripts 
 
 
 Transfer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Nov 01 
 Deadline To:  
 
 
 
 Accept Admissions Offer and Pay Enrollment Deposit 
 
 
 Transfer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fall Key Dates and Admission Deadlines 
 
 
 
 
 Jul 15 
 Deadline To: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit Final Transcripts 
 and AP Scores 
 
 
 
 Freshman & Transfer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Aug 09 
 Students may begin to:  
 
 
 
 
 Add/Drop classes via BroncoDirect 
 
 
 Freshman & Transfer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Aug 19 
 Key Date: 
 
 
 
 First day of classes 
 
 
 
 Freshman, Transfer & Graduate 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Oct 01 
 Key Date: 
 Fall 2022 Application Opens 
 Freshman, Transfer & Graduate  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Prospective Students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 More from Admissions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Parents & Counselors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Connect with Us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Location 
Cal Poly Pomona  Office of Admissions      Building 121, 1st Floor  
                        
                        
                                                    
                                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Phone 
909.869.5299 Monday - Friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. PST  
                        
                        
                                                    
                                     
 
 
 
 
 Read more about the  
 
 
 If you have any feedback regarding the quality of our service,  . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 