
			Accessibility
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Accessibility 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona has a long-standing commitment to make its programs, services, and activities accessible to the university community.  Cal Poly Pomona embraces this commitment in all areas, including information technology, and strives to become 100% accessible in its digital environment, which includes websites, web applications, and online content. 
 To the best of its ability, Cal Poly Pomona purchases, develops, and repairs digital resources to comply with all federal and state accessibility guidelines, including Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. 794d).  Cal Poly Pomona is also guided by the California State University (CSU) Accessible Technology initiative (ATI) and corresponding memorandums and  . 
 The university has implemented the following standards for web accessibility:  World Wide Web Consortium Web Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 Level AA and the Web Accessibility Initiative Accessible Rich Internet Applications Suite (WAI-ARIA) 1.0 techniques for web content.  
 Should you find an accessibility issue, a document that you cannot read or need an alternative accessible format, please contact us at  , and include the information related to your concern (e.g., URL/location, issue experienced, etc.).  You may also contact the IT Service Desk at 909-869-6776 during business hours.  To submit a grievance with Cal Poly Pomona under Section 504 and Title II, you may contact the Office of Equity, Inclusion, and Compliance via their website at  , via email at:  , or via voice at 909-869-4646. 
 Suggestions and feedback related to accessibility are also welcomed at  . 
 Below are additional references and resources related to accessibility at Cal Poly Pomona:  
 
 CPP ATI:   
 Disability Resource Center:   
 Office of Equity and Inclusion:      
 
 Viewers for commonly-used documents are available at:   https://www.cpp.edu/file-viewers.shtml     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 