
			Division of Student Affairs
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 National Voter Registration Day 
 
 ASI helped register students for NVRD in late September. Keep staying involved and informed! 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 
 There are tons of virtual and in-person welcome back events happening through October 31st!  
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Basic Needs: Poly Pantry In-Person Service 
 
 The Poly Pantry has in-person service for students in need. Click below to learn more about making an appointment. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 What Is Student Affairs? 
 
 We're committed to student support and engagement. Discover who we are in the video below. 
 set up slide link  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
                            Division of Student Affairs
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Division of Student Affairs 
 
 
  using role="presenation" for image per https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#presentation  
 
 
 
 We're Here For You! 
 
 The Division of Student Affairs at Cal Poly Pomona works with students, academic partners, staff and parents to influence an inclusive, hands-on approach to learning to help deepen your out-of-class experiences. We encourage you to explore everything Student Affairs has to offer to make your time at CPP a memorable and fulfilling journey. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Click Topics Below for More Info 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The  Health and Wellbeing cluster  supports the Student Health Center, counseling, survivor advocacy services, disability accomodations and outreach, emergency grants, support for students facing food/housing insecurty, health education and much more.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Get involved with one of the more than 300 clubs and organizations on campus, run for ASI Student Government, join a fraternity or sorority, be part of an intramural sports league, discover your inner leader, support a cause or movement and more. There's always a way to get involved at CPP! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Division supports diversity and inclusion efforts at Cal Poly Pomona by working alongside the  Office of Inclusive Excellence  and through key programs under the  Office of Student Life and Cultural Centers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The central space for students, parents, staff and faculty to receive assistance with navigating the complexity of campus life. The office supports promotes self-authorship and facilitates a safe, vibrant, healthy, inclusive and resilient community.  When in doubt, start here! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Division promotes student success through various support programs, including the Educational Opportunity Program (EOP), Summer and Transfer Bridge, Renaissance Scholars (foster youth), the Poly Pantry food pantry, Veterans Resource Center (VRC) and more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Connect with the Career Center for guidance on career planning and job searching, and learn about the many student employment opportunities on campus.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Learn more about the University Police Department (UPD), Parking & Transportation Services and the Police Advisory Task Force. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Office of Student Conduct & Integrity  is responsible for administering CSU standards for student conduct, and  provides educational support through  on  what academic dishonesty means, tips on how to avoid plagiarism and other helpful videos. 
 
 
 
 
 NOTICE OF NON-DISCRIMINATION ON THE BASIS OF SEX - EOC 
 
 Stay Connected 
 
 
 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
  Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 News and Communications 
 
 Celebrating Hispanic/Latinx Heritage Month at CPP 
 Class Pass Offers Free Bus Rides for Students 
 Children's Center Reopens for In-Person Childcare 
 
 View News Archive 
 
 Select 'CC' for captions on YouTube videos 
 COVID-19 Compliance 
 
 Mask Compliance Guide for Faculty/Staff (Click below) 
 
   
   
   
   
 8 Things We Wish We Knew Before Starting College 
 
 Use a Syllabus the Right Way 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 