
			About Us
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            Give to Cal Poly Pomona
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 About Us 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona is a world class university that continues to re-define learning. It offers a unique educational experience grounded in the elements of what makes a polytechnic education special. It is an immersive, hands-on, passionate, multi-disciplinary, polytechnic approach that makes students life-and career-ready. Innovative programs, imaginative curriculum, and inspired methodologies helps students discover, and transform into, their best selves. 
 By supporting Cal Poly Pomona, you make a   on students’ and faculty lives and help educate a modern workforce that is in great demand in the emerging California economy. We look forward to partnering with you in a number of ways that changes lives and leave a lasting legacy. 
 Go Broncos! 
 Daniel E. Montplaisir, CFRE Vice President for University Advancement 
 
 
 Staff and Organization 
 
 
 Staff and Organization 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dan Montplaisir is the vice president for university advancement. The office is located on the third floor of the Student Services Building (SSB). To contact the office, call (909) 869-4997 or email  . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Advancement Services includes prospect research and management, stewardship and donor relations, gift processing and data analysis. It provides record keeping of alumni and donors, coordinating those efforts with I&IT. 
 Office of Advancement Services CTTI Building, Room 233 (909) 869-3268 (909) 869-4499 fax 
 
  Advancement Services - Forms 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A strong foundation of supporters is essential in building excellence and making a lasting difference. Through gifts large and small, we can touch the lives of current and future students, promote research, support programs and help the greater community. 
 
 
 
 
 Annual Fund 
 Planned Giving 
  Corporate and Foundation Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona relies on the support of its alumni, friends, civic leaders and community.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Engages thousands of alumni, current students, and community. 
  Whether you volunteer to participate in one of our chapters or attend an event, the opportunities to network with fellow alumni, reconnect with faculty or meet current students are endless.   
 
 
 
 
 Events & Special Projects 
 
 
 Oversees and/or assists with several university-wide events throughout the year.  
 Office of Events & Special Projects Student Services Building – 121/East/Third Floor, Suite 3162 3801 W. Temple Ave.  Pomona, CA 91768 (909) 869-4706 (909) 869-2118 fax  
 
 
 
 Commencement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 