
			College of Environmental Design
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
 
 
         
 
 
 
 Undergraduate Programs 
         
 
 Graduate Programs 
         
 
   
 
 
       
 
 
           
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 Wildflower patch in front of Building 7 (Tom Zasadzinski) 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 Slide2 
                    OUTSIDE/IN 1,000 models architecture charette at the ENV Gallery (Katrin Terstegen)  
                 
 A student wades through 1,000 models in the ENV Gallery (Katrin Terstegen) 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 Slide3 
                    Building 7, designed by famed modernist architect Carl Maston (Mark Maryanovich Photography)
                 
 Building 7, designed by famed modernist architect Carl Maston (Mark Maryanovich Photography) 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 Slide4 
                    Hard at work in the Interim Design Center (Mark Maryanovich Photography)
                 
 Hard at work in the Interim Design Center (Mark Maryanovich Photography) 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 Slide5 
                    Sketchbooks in IndiVisuals Exhibition (Mark Maryanovich Photography)
                 
 Sketchbooks in IndiVisuals Exhibition (Mark Maryanovich Photography) 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 College of Environmental Design 
 
 Design the Future 
 The  College of Environmental Design (ENV)  at Cal Poly Pomona offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in architecture, landscape architecture, and urban and regional planning; undergraduate degrees in art history and visual communication design; and a minor and graduate degree in Regenerative Studies. It also manages operations of two permanent University Art Galleries, the W. Keith & Janet Kellogg University Art Gallery and the Don B. Huntley Gallery. 
 ENV uses the rich creative economy and cultural capital of Southern California – and its geographical advantage as a global gateway for trade and ideas – to prepare students for successful careers. We educate and train future designers to be problem-solvers who are socially conscious and environmentally aware, concerned with craft and justice, and technically and technologically sophisticated.  
 What is Environmental Design? 
 Environmental design studies the relationships we have with the built and natural environments, and the ways human interactions affect the surrounding environment. We encounter expressions of environmental design in our daily lives: the buildings in which we dwell; the green spaces we enjoy; the cities and roads we traverse; and forms of visual design that translate and deliver complex ideas. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top-Ranked 
 View ENV's prestigious national rankings 
 
 
 
 
 Mobility 
 Forbes  names Cal Poly Pomona in the Top 10 schools increasing social mobility 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diversity 
 Hispanic Outlook on Education ranks architecture program No. 2 in the nation for number of bachelor's degrees awarded to Hispanic students 
 
 
 
 
 Sustainability 
 The Lyle Center for Regenerative Studies is a premiere interdisciplinary research institute for cutting-edge sustainability research and programs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Leading the Way 
 ENV Dean’s Advisory Council’s distinguished alumni champion innovation and the future of the profession 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ENV Business Hours 
 The College of Environmental Design is following Cal Poly Pomona's roadmap for           . See the Virtual Directory to find primary contacts and modified business hours for ENV departments, services and facilities for Fall 2021.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Future Student 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Current Students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Faculty & Expertise 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ENV EAP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2020-21 President's Scholars 
 Meet the 2019-20 President's Scholars from the College of Environmental Design. 
 
 Melanis Stepanian 
 Alex Armendariz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Undergraduate Advising 
 Connect with the ENV Student Success Center  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CPP/ARC Lecture Series 
 View the 2021-22 Program 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Instagram 
 Twitter 
 Vimeo 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 