
			Parents and Families
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Parents and Families 
 
 
 
 
 
 Welcome, Parents & Families
                             
 
 
 Bronco Parent and Family Engagement is thrilled you and your student have chosen, or are considering Cal Poly Pomona. We know that parents, family members, and supporters play a critical role in the success of our students. Knowing this, we want you to be informed and involved, so please take a moment to sign up for the parent and family newsletter  below so that we can keep you up-to-date on important campus developments (archive can be  ). You can also familiarize yourself with CPP by using our brand new  ! It's a one-stop-shop for information that will help connect you to all of the information you need.  
 We encourage you to reach out to us with any questions, concerns or comments using the contact methods listed below. Go Broncos! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stay Informed  
 Get started with important CPP resources, including Orientation Services, the academic calendar and campus news. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Navigating CPP 
 Become familiar with campus policies and procedures, health and wellbeing services, Title IX, FERPA information and campus safety. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Be Engaged 
 Stay informed about special family events and get up-to-date information on volunteer and participation opportunities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribe to the Bronco Family Newsletter 
 
 The Bronco Parent and Family newsletter is the easiest way to stay informed about important university news, updates and ways to support your college student throughout their time at CPP. Simply fill out the sign-up form by clicking below and adding your email to officially subscribe. 
 
 
 
 ​ ​ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bronco Family Academy
                             
 
 
 Join live sessions to learn from current and former CPP students, staff and faculty as they share their experiences with a Polytechnic education - the cornerstone of our university. 
 Learn More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Parent and Family Hotline 
 
 Have questions or concerns? 
 
 Email or call the Parent and Family Hotline: 
 broncofamily@cpp.edu 
 (909) 869-3009 
 Matthew Walsh 
 Senior Coordinator, Parent and Family Engagement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other Ways to Reach Us 
 
 COVID-19 Notice:  Bronco Parent and Family is working remotely at this time and is not available in person. Please reach out through email or the hotline. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Campus Links 
 
 
 Athletics 
 Bookstore 
 Bronco Advising Center 
 Campus Safety Information 
 Career Center 
 
 Commencement 
 Cultural Centers 
 
 Greek Life 
 Housing 
 Rose Float 
 Student Life 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 