
			College of Business Administration
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Undergraduate Programs 
               
 
       
 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 
                  This slide contains video without audio. The description of the video is "Cal Poly Pomona College of Business Administration - Named Forbes' #59 Best Value College - AACSB Accredited - number 3 in the nation by CollegeNET Social Mobility Index - Experience the Polytechnic Advantage"
               
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 College of Business Administration 
 Experience the Polytechnic Advantage 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top 5% 
 
 The CBA is AACSB-accredited, joining less than 5% of the business programs in the world 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mobility 
 
 Celebrating 6 consecutive years as a Social Mobility Index Leader 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 48,000+ 
 
 CBA graduates join a network of more than 48,000 living alumni 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 R.O.I. 
 
 Forbes' annually ranks the CBA in top quarter of America's Best Value Colleges 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Growth 
 
 In 2020, CPP climbed to No. 22 on Money’s “Best Colleges for Business Majors” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Scholarship Fund Created In Rememberance of Beloved Professor 
 
 The Dr. Mansour Sharifzadeh Memorial Scholarship honors the life and tenure of Dr. Mansour Sharifzadeh, Emeritus Professor of Management, who served at Cal Poly Pomona for 35 years. In the first year of his retirement in late June, Dr. Sharifzadeh unexpectedly passed away. 
 Since he joined Cal Poly Pomona's College of Business Administration as a faculty member in 1985, Dr. Sharifzadeh brought leadership, practical experience, innovativeness and his positive spirit to the university. He researched, published numerous articles and books, taught a variety of classes at the undergraduate and graduate levels, engaged in extensive university service and made such wonderful colleagues. 
 In collaboration with colleagues, Dr. Sharifzadeh led the effort to establish the International Business major in the CBA. He acted as an advisor to thousands of students in their senior projects, training them in research and providing them with the confidence to excel in their careers. Dr. Sharifzadeh was also one of the first faculty members at Cal Poly Pomona to teach fully online, earning several certificates and leading the effort to encourage faculty to develop the skills to teach online. He served as the lead faculty member in several study abroad programs around the globe. 
 Dr. Sharifzadeh embodied all the perfect characteristics of the role of a Professor. Above all, Dr. Sharifzadeh loved teaching and helping his students find successful careers that they enjoyed. He believed in the extraordinary potential of his students and served as a mentor for many as they progressed in their careers. Dr. Sharifzadeh loved Cal Poly Pomona. He thought it had the most beautiful campus and was deeply proud of the university in all aspects. 
 In his memory, the Sharif Family are establishing a scholarship for students at Cal Poly Pomona. The Sharif Family hopes this scholarship will change many students' lives and they know that would have made him very happy and proud. The Sharif Family would greatly appreciate any contributions to this fund. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CBA News 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2021 San Gabriel Valley Economic Forecast Available Online 
 Apr 7, 2021 
 Keynote presentation delivered by Mr. Geoffrey Oka... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Data Science Speaker Series Features American Homes 4 Rent Executives 
 Nov 9, 2020 
 CEO of American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) and CBA alumnus... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dr. Anthony Orlando Leads Oct. 15 Library Lecture Series 
 Oct 6, 2020 
 The latest series of guest lectures hosted by Cal... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CBA Events 
 
 Sep  9 12:00 pm 
 
 , Kaiser Permanente Executive presents "Professional Advice for Emerging HR Students." 
 
 
 Sep  9 12:00 pm 
 
 , TOM and EBZ alumni return to CPP to share experiences working for companies like Lockheed Martin and Niagra Bottling. 
 
 
 Sep  23 6:00 pm 
 
 , Beta Alpha Psi and Cal Poly Society of Accountants host recruiters from top firms and government agencies. Register Via Handshake 
 
 
 Sep  28 6:00 pm 
 
 , Join us to learn more about the four ways the CBA Graduate Business Programs can change or start a career. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Undergraduate Programs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Graduate Programs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni & Friends 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 College of Business Administration Cal Poly Pomona 3801 West Temple Avenue Pomona, CA 91768  (909) 869-2400 
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Undergraduate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ACC 
 CIS 
 EBZ 
 FRL 
 IBM 
 MHR 
 TOM 
 
 
 
 Graduate Programs 
 
 MBA 
 MSA 
 MSIS 
 (MSBA) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alumni & Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chat Now 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 