
			Safer Return at Cal Poly Pomona
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Indicators  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The slideshow  
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
 
 
 
 make sure slide has text information  
  long description method applied described in https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/complex/#providing-a-link-to-the-long-description-via-longdesc  
 
 
 
 Slide5 
                    male and female students socially distanced wearing masks walking in the rose garden
                 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Our Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
 
 
 
 Safely Together 
 
 
 This fall, we continue to prioritize the health and safety of our campus while achieving our No. 1 goal of Student Success. To that end, we are offering a range of class options: in-person, hybrid, fully remote. All offices will be open during regular business hours with most continuing to offer virtual/remote services as well. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Checklist 
 Before you come to campus, be sure to complete this 3-step checklist: training, health screener and what you should do when you’re on campus. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Health and Safety Plan 
 We’re implementing multiple strategies and protocols to keep you, our campus and our communities healthy and safe. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contact Information 
 
 General questions:   
 Report COVID-19 case:   
 Environmental Health & Safety Department:   
 Questions about visitor protocol:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Health Screener 
 All students, faculty, staff and auxiliary staff must complete the online Health Screener  each time  prior to coming to campus. 
 Face coverings are required inside buildings and facilities on campus. 
 Guests and visitors to the campus must follow the protocols and complete a separate health screener. 
 Guest Health Screener 
 
 
 COVID-19 Cases 
 Aggregate numbers collected since March 2020 of on-campus and off-campus COVID-19 cases. 
   
 
 
 
 A weekly newsletter  about important university-wide news and announcements.  
 
 
 
 
 The campus is invited to the weekly meetings and ask questions. 
 Register for Town Hall 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 