
			Fall 2021 Virtual Advising & Academics Toolkit
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                            Student Success Central
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fall 2021 Virtual Advising & Academics Toolkit 
 
 
 
 
 
 Advising Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CPP Connect 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        View drop-in and appointment availability for college advising centers and tutoring centers  
                        
                        
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 New Student Registration Guide 
 Learn the basics of registering for classes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How-To Videos 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Get tips on navigating BroncoDirect  
                        
                        
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 General Advising Questions 
 Contact the Bronco Advising Center via phone at (909) 869-4600 and email at  . 
 Major-Specific and Undeclared Questions 
 Visit   to view availability for your college advising center or the Undeclared Student Program. Online appointments will be held via  , and you will receive a Zoom link ahead of your meeting. 
 Faculty Advising  
 Please contact faculty via email. For a complete directory of advisors, visit  . 
 Student Support & Equity Programs and EOP 
 SSEP and EOP Advisors are working remotely , but are available to assist you via online advising, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.  Visit   to view availability. Online appointments will be held via  , and you will receive a Zoom link ahead of your meeting.  EOP group advising and peer advising sessions are paused. If you have an EOP advising hold,  .   
 Intercollegiate Athletics  
 Contact Scott Tsuji at   for advising. 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 You can start the change of major process after you've completed one semester at CPP. Visit the   for more information.  If the major you're interested in indicates you need to attend a change of major meeting,   for more information.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 During the university's shift to virtual instruction, you can still submit academic petitions. Please see below for a chart and instructions on how to submit different types of petitions.  
 
 
 Paper Petitions 
 For all paper petitions: 
 
 To complete the petition:
 
 If it is a fillable PDF, please type in your responses. 
 If it is not a fillable form and you do not have a printer, please put all information requested into an email and attach the blank form. 
 
 
 To submit the petition:
 
 After you fill out your part of the form, send it to     in the order listed and ask them to send it back to you after they review it.  
 Once they send it back to you, send it to the next reviewer. 
 Once you receive all required approvals, email the form and all approvals to   . 
 
 
 
 General Academic Petitions 
 The General Academic Petition is now an e-form.  Use a General Academic Petition for the following reasons: 
 
 Elective/Emphasis/Concentration Declarations if deviating from catalog or curriculum sheet 
 Study Abroad (IPC) course substitutions 
 Credit from non-regionally accredited institutions (after completion of 20 units at CPP) 
 Rescinding a previously submitted petition 
 Discontinued student petitions (graduate out of residency) 
 Any requests for catalog or specific policy​ exceptions 
 
 If you need to submit a General Academic Petition for any of the above reasons,   to begin the process.    
 Course Substitutions 
 The Course Substitution Petition is now an e-form.    to begin the process.    
 Petition to Exceed Unit Cap 
 The Petition to Exceed Unit Cap is now an e-form.  You can find the e-form on the  .  
 Petition to Waive Restrictions on Course Repeats 
 The Petition to Waive Restrictions on Course Repeats is now an e-form.  You can find the e-form on the  .  
 Petition to Withdraw for Serious and Compelling Reasons 
 Before submitting a withdrawal petition, you are encouraged to: 
 
 Consult with your faculty member for ways to complete your course requirements. 
 Consult with your advisor regarding the impact on your time to degree. 
 Consult with the     or     to understand the impact on your financial aid package. 
 
 You can find the e-form on the   .  
 Petition to Request to Delay Graduation Form 
 The Petition to Request to Delay Graduation is now an e-form.  You can find the e-form on the  .  
 Graduation Writing Test Waiver 
 Due to COVID-19, the Graduation Writing Test requirement has been temporarily suspended. Students graduating Spring 2021, Summer 2021 or Fall 2021 will not be required to complete the test. For other students, more information will be coming soon. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Academic Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Instruction Modes 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Understand how your courses will be offered  
                        
                        
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 A-Z of Departments 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Visit academic department websites  
                        
                        
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Department Chair Contact Info 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Find academic department chair contact information  
                        
                        
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 University Library Resources 
                                
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                                        Find online resources and get online help from CPP librarians  
                        
                        
                                                                                                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  It’s important to know what your courses’ Instruction Modes are so you know a little bit more about what to expect. Here’s how to check them:  
 
 Find a section in the BroncoDirect Class Search. 
 Click on the Class or Section hyperlink for the section you’re interested in. 
 Look at the Class Details table.  
 
 or if you're already enrolled:  
 
 Go to your BroncoDirect Student Center, and click on the Weekly Schedule link underneath your Class Schedule quick view. 
 You’ll see your schedule as a Weekly Calendar View. Change it to the List View.  
 Click on the hyperlinked section number for the class you want to look at.  
 Find the Instruction Mode in the Class Details box.  
 
 
 
 Be sure to read all of the Class Details information. For descriptions of other Instruction Modes, visit the  .  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 CPP students have access to download free or discounted software, including Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Cloud and AutoDesk.  
 
 The Virtual Software Lab provides students and faculty the ability to remotely log into a computer with specialized academic software previously only available from on-campus labs. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 The University Library has a limited inventory of laptops and hotspots available for students to check out on a first come, first served basis. Laptops are available for a 4-hour loan when on campus or for semester-long loans. Hotspots are available for semester-long loans. Visit the   for information on how to request equipment.  
 
 Several internet service providers have pledged to offer students low-cost or free internet service to those who qualify. See below for potential options: 
 
  - The website also includes the option to video chat with customer service agents in American Sign Language. There are also two dedicated phone numbers 1-855-846-8376 for English and 1-855-765-6995 for Spanish. 
  - Charter will offer free Spectrum broadband and Wi-Fi access for 60 days to households with K-12 and/or college students who do not already have a Spectrum broadband subscription and at any service level up to 100 Mbps. To enroll, call 1-844-488-8395. Installation fees will be waived for new student households. 
 
 Visit the   for more information and options.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How-To Guides 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Videos 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Learning Resource Center and Writing Center Tutoring 
 Tutoring appointments are available in-person and online via Zoom .  To schedule an online tutoring appointment,  visit    Email  lrcscheduling@cpp.edu   by 8 a.m. for same-day appointments.   
 EOP Tutorial 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EOP Tutorial is an academic community of learners and peer-educators dedicated to student success .  This fall, we are offering one-hour tutorial sessions with our Success Strategists through Zoom.  
 Visit the   to learn about our services and how to schedule an appointment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        
        
               
          
       
        
        
    
    
                                            Your instructors will include contact information and office hour information on their course syllabi. You can also use   to look up their CPP email addresses. Use your CPP email address in your   to email them.
               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We have received questions about wait-listing courses and how to get permission numbers from instructors in our virtual format. Please   in BroncoDirect so instructors and departments can communicate with you about the specific section you are interested in. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Office Hours: Monday - Friday: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
 Students can access DRC resources on the     and can reach out directly by calling 909-869-3333 or emailing   . 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Safer Return Website
                             
 
 
 Cal Poly Pomona is committed to ensuring that students receive the highest quality learning experience that reflects our inclusive polytechnic education, and we are committed to protecting health and well-being. We are engaged in a campus-wide effort to bolster virtual/remote teaching, learning and student support offerings.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 