
			Current Pop-Up Course
		 
 
 We use cookies to make your website experience better. To learn about how we keep your information safe, view our  .
 
 
 
 Safer Return to Campus 
 
 
   
 
 Popular Searches 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                             Office of Academic Innovation
                     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Current Pop-Up Course 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  using role="presenation" for image per https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#presentation  
 
 
 
 Learn about Misinformation, Conspiracy, and Polarization!
                             
 
 
 The Office of Academic Innovation is proud to present pop-up courses, which are unique courses designed to keep students up to date on the latest innovations and happenings across academic disciplines. 
 Our third pop-up course is called  “Lies, Damned Lies, and Politics: Confronting the Threats of Misinformation, Conspiracy, and Polarization” (CPU 1540)  and will  tackle how to navigate media bias, the psychology of why people believe in misinformation and conspiracy, and the technologies and politics driving us apart. 
 This 3-unit course will be offered in Spring 2022. It will be taught by a team of experts from across campus:  Shonn Haren, Coordinator of Instruction at the University Library; Dr. Randy Stein, an Associate Professor of Marketing; and Dr. L. Lin Ong, an Assistant Professor of International Business and Marketing. 
 Each section of CPU 1540 will be taught on Mondays and TBD, from 1:00pm-2:15pm. Students will register on   for one of the three sections with a specific professor.  However, students will be taught by each professor for five weeks over the course of the semester, so students can learn about the subject from the different perspectives. 
 See below for registration details. Please email    if you have any questions. 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 About the Course 
 Your guide to reality! Join us as we tackle media bias, the psychology  of why people believe in misinformation   and conspiracy , and the technologies and politics driving us apart. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Course Details 
 
 Happening Spring Semester 2022 
 CPU 1540 - Sections 1, 2, 3 
 Hybrid Synchronous Component 
 3 units 
 Counts for GE area E (petitioning for other areas is possible) 
 Can count for elective credit 
 No pre-requisites required  
 All majors welcome!  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 How to Register for CPU 1540 
 Follow the instructions by clicking the button below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Instructions 
 
 
 How to register for CPU 1540 
 Search for the class with the following criteria: 
 
 Term: Spring Semester 2022 
 Subject: Cal Poly University (CPU) 
 Course Number: 1540 
 
 
 Then pick your section: 
 
 Class 32440, Section 1: Mo 1:00PM - 2:15PM 
 Class 32441, Section 2: Mo 1:00PM - 2:15PM 
 Class 32442, Section 3: Mo 1:00PM - 2:15PM 
 
 
 
 
 
 Close 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Registration begins October 11 (priority) and October 13 (general). 
 
 
 
 Teaching Team 
 
 
 
  using role="presenation" for image per https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#presentation  
 
 
 Shonn Haren, 
 University Library 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shonn Haren 
 
 
 Shonn Haren joined the Cal Poly Pomona University Library as the Library Instruction Coordinator in 2016. He previously worked as a Reference and Instruction Librarian at Wichita State University in Wichita, Kansas. He received a Master in Library Science in 2013 from San Jose State University and a Master of Arts in History from UC Riverside in 2010. His research interests include Fake News and Conspiracy Theories. He also enjoys cooking, pickling, calligraphy and is trying to figure out how to do woodworking while keeping all 10 of his fingers. 
 Read more about Shonn Haren 
 
 
 Close 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  using role="presenation" for image per https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#presentation  
 
 
 Dr. Randy Stein, 
 International Business & Marketing 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dr. Randy Stein 
 
 
 Dr. Randy Stein is an Associate Professor of Marketing at Cal Poly Pomona. Dr. Stein researches how people’s decisions, social beliefs, and economic understanding are shaped by how they determine what is real and what’s not. His current investigations include how political leanings impact how people weigh anecdotal versus scientific evidence, how trust in institutions relates to people’s reasoning ability, and why people value products that are verified to be ineffective or inauthentic. He has also examined why people are attracted to shoddy personality tests and why pseudoscientific ideas proliferate among individuals and businesses. Prior to joining the faculty of Cal Poly Pomona, Dr. Stein worked at Lieberman Research Worldwide where he executed advanced analytics on a wide range of studies for several Fortune 500 companies. 
   Dr. Stein's LinkedIn 
   
 
 
 Close 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  using role="presenation" for image per https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#presentation  
 
 
 Dr. L. Lin Ong, 
 International Business & Marketing 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dr. L.Lin Ong 
 
 
 Dr. Ong is an Assistant Professor of International Business and Marketing at Cal Poly Pomona. Her research centers on vulnerable consumers, a state in which people may be subject to harm in the modern marketplace. Another line of research looks at how social media sharing behaviors in digital domains can create both connection and privacy issues. In 2018 she took professional leave from CPP to work for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, in a project focused on improving women’s health in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Nigeria. Prior to entering academia, Dr. Ong worked in the Strategy & Operations division of Deloitte Consulting, traveling and working with businesses around the world. 
 
 
 Close 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3801 West Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA 91768 
 
 ©2021 California State Polytechnic University, Pomona 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
 
         
 
 